EIP-3770 safe-service-client (#179)
gnosis/safe-core-sdk: packages/guides/integrating-the-safe-core-sdk.md

@gnosis.pm/safe-service-client
```

And one of these two:
```
@gnosis.pm/safe-web3-lib
@gnosis.pm/safe-ethers-lib
```

## <a name="initialize-sdks">2. Initialize the SDK’s</a>

### Instantiate an EthAdapter

> First of all, we need to create an `EthAdapter`, which contains all the required utilities that allow the SDKs to interact with the blockchain, acting as a wrapper of [web3.js](https://web3js.readthedocs.io/) or [ethers.js](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/) Ethereum libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all, we need to create an `EthAdapter`, which contains all the required utilities for the SDKs to interact with the blockchain. It acts as a wrapper for [web3.js](https://web3js.readthedocs.io/) or [ethers.js](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/) Ethereum libraries.
```

Depending on the library used by the Dapp, there are two options:

- [Create an `EthersAdapter` instance](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-core-sdk/tree/main/packages/safe-ethers-lib#initialization)
- [Create a `Web3Adapter` instance](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-core-sdk/tree/main/packages/safe-web3-lib#initialization)

> Once the instance of `EthersAdapter` or `Web3Adapter` was created, it can be used in the SDK initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the instance of `EthersAdapter` or `Web3Adapter` is created, it can be used in the SDK initialization.
```

### Initialize the Safe Service Client

> As stated in the introduction, the [Safe Service Client](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-core-sdk/tree/main/packages/safe-service-client) consumes the [Safe Transaction Service API](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-transaction-service). To start using this library, create a new instance of the class `SafeServiceClient` imported from `@gnosis.pm/safe-service-client` and pass the URL to its constructor of the Safe Transaction Service you want to use depending on the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As stated in the introduction, the [Safe Service Client](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-core-sdk/tree/main/packages/safe-service-client) consumes the [Safe Transaction Service API](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-transaction-service). To start using this library, create a new instance of the `SafeServiceClient` class, imported from `@gnosis.pm/safe-service-client` and pass the URL to the constructor of the Safe Transaction Service you want to use depending on the network.
```
